README.md, before:

# COP4331 Sample

# Product Vision

Your vision statement should contain the following information and be formatted as one or more paragraphs. This statement must be included in your main README file and not linked externally. 

1. For ... (the product’s target market)
2. Who/That ... (describe what need your product solves)
3. The product ... (product name,or product category)
4. That leads to ... (main advantage, appealing reason for purchase)
5. Unlike the ... (principal competing alternatives)
6. Our product offers ... (describe main differentiation)

As a general note, it is much easier (and less risky) to use inline markdown text for any text documents you create. If you choose to use Google Docs or Google Sheets, you run the risk of providing an invalid link or linking to a file that is not properly shared. If myself or the grader cannot access your artifact, you will not receive credit for it - even if you fix the problem after it has been graded.

## Team Members

- Dr. Hollander


# Sprint 1

Each item should link to the actual product, be it a google spreadsheet, google doc, github markdown file, etc. Do not link to a markdown file that contains only a link to another location - link directly from the appropriate item below. Failure to adhere to this criteria wil result in the associated artifact not being graded. Add any additional items required for the specific sprint submission.

- [Product Backlog](https://trello.com/b/6P0P3TpV/cop-4331-sample)
- [Sprint Backlog](https://trello.com/b/6P0P3TpV/cop-4331-sample)
- [Requirements](https://trello.com/b/6P0P3TpV/cop-4331-sample)
- [Burndown Chart](https://www.google.com/search?tbm=isch&q=sprint+burndown+chart)
- [Velocity Chart](https://www.google.com/search?tbm=isch&q=agile+velocity+chart)
- System Architecture
- Source Code
- Automated Tests
- Product Demonstration

## Task Allocation

Member 1 - main tasking

Member 2 - main tasking

In this section, each group member needs to provide a brief description of what they worked on during the sprint. Keep this short and to the point. Your trello board and commit history will provide the details. 

**note**: For this first sprint, I am anticipating that you will have selected one or two user stories for the Sprint Backlog, and most likely not have completed them since the majority if this week will consist of getting your product backlog, requirements, and development environment fleshed out and stood up. The only implementation I am expecting to see is that your development environment is properly configured to where it can at least run a basic "hello world" type application. 


# Sprint 2

- [Product Backlog](https://trello.com/b/6P0P3TpV/cop-4331-sample)
- [Sprint Backlog](https://trello.com/b/6P0P3TpV/cop-4331-sample)
- [Requirements](https://trello.com/b/6P0P3TpV/cop-4331-sample)
- [Burndown Chart](https://www.google.com/search?tbm=isch&q=sprint+burndown+chart)
- [Velocity Chart](https://www.google.com/search?tbm=isch&q=agile+velocity+chart)
- [System Architecture](https://github.com/drhollander/COP4331_Sample/blob/master/artifacts/architecture.md)
- Source Code
- Automated Tests
- Product Demonstration

## Task Allocation

Member 1 - main tasking

Member 2 - main tasking

**note**: For this sprint, I am anticipating that you will continue to work on the stories carried over from Sprint 1, with a focus on the design aspect of your system. I am expecting your architecture document and diagrams to reflect the system only in the context of these user stories, with some generalization to help plan for the other items currently in the backlog. I am not expecting a significant amount of implementation at this point, if any at all.


# Sprint 3

- [Product Backlog](https://trello.com/b/6P0P3TpV/cop-4331-sample)
- [Sprint Backlog](https://trello.com/b/6P0P3TpV/cop-4331-sample)
- [Requirements](https://trello.com/b/6P0P3TpV/cop-4331-sample)
- [Burndown Chart](https://www.google.com/search?tbm=isch&q=sprint+burndown+chart)
- [Velocity Chart](https://www.google.com/search?tbm=isch&q=agile+velocity+chart)
- [System Architecture](https://github.com/drhollander/COP4331_Sample/blob/master/artifacts/architecture.md)
- [Source Code](https://github.com/drhollander/COP4331_Sample/blob/master/project/readme.md)
- [Automated Tests](https://github.com/drhollander/COP4331_Sample/blob/master/project/readme.md)
- [Product Demonstration](https://www.youtube.com)

## Task Allocation

Member 1 - main tasking

Member 2 - main tasking

**note**: At this point I am expecting that you have designed out a few of the initial user stories and started to implement this. From this point forward there should be continuous integration and deployment, producing working software that is demoed at the end of each sprint.


# Sprint 4

- [Product Backlog](https://trello.com/b/6P0P3TpV/cop-4331-sample)
- [Sprint Backlog](https://trello.com/b/6P0P3TpV/cop-4331-sample)
- [Requirements](https://trello.com/b/6P0P3TpV/cop-4331-sample)
- [Burndown Chart](https://www.google.com/search?tbm=isch&q=sprint+burndown+chart)
- [Velocity Chart](https://www.google.com/search?tbm=isch&q=agile+velocity+chart)
- [System Architecture](https://github.com/drhollander/COP4331_Sample/blob/master/artifacts/architecture.md)
- [Source Code](https://github.com/drhollander/COP4331_Sample/blob/master/project/readme.md)
- [Automated Tests](https://github.com/drhollander/COP4331_Sample/blob/master/project/readme.md)
- [Product Demonstration](https://www.youtube.com)

## Task Allocation

Member 1 - main tasking

Member 2 - main tasking

**note**: Sprint 4 and onward will contain updates to your artifacts as appropriate for the current sprint, as well as continuous improvements to your software and updated product demos.


# Sprint 5

- [Product Backlog](https://trello.com/b/6P0P3TpV/cop-4331-sample)
- [Sprint Backlog](https://trello.com/b/6P0P3TpV/cop-4331-sample)
- [Requirements](https://trello.com/b/6P0P3TpV/cop-4331-sample)
- [Burndown Chart](https://www.google.com/search?tbm=isch&q=sprint+burndown+chart)
- [Velocity Chart](https://www.google.com/search?tbm=isch&q=agile+velocity+chart)
- [System Architecture](https://github.com/drhollander/COP4331_Sample/blob/master/artifacts/architecture.md)
- [Source Code](https://github.com/drhollander/COP4331_Sample/blob/master/project/readme.md)
- [Automated Tests](https://github.com/drhollander/COP4331_Sample/blob/master/project/readme.md)
- [Product Demonstration](https://www.youtube.com)

## Task Allocation

Member 1 - main tasking

Member 2 - main tasking


# Sprint 6

- [Product Backlog](https://trello.com/b/6P0P3TpV/cop-4331-sample)
- [Sprint Backlog](https://trello.com/b/6P0P3TpV/cop-4331-sample)
- [Requirements](https://trello.com/b/6P0P3TpV/cop-4331-sample)
- [Burndown Chart](https://www.google.com/search?tbm=isch&q=sprint+burndown+chart)
- [Velocity Chart](https://www.google.com/search?tbm=isch&q=agile+velocity+chart)
- [System Architecture](https://github.com/drhollander/COP4331_Sample/blob/master/artifacts/architecture.md)
- [Source Code](https://github.com/drhollander/COP4331_Sample/blob/master/project/readme.md)
- [Automated Tests](https://github.com/drhollander/COP4331_Sample/blob/master/project/readme.md)
- [Product Demonstration](https://www.youtube.com)

## Task Allocation

Member 1 - main tasking

Member 2 - main tasking


# Sprint 7

- [Product Backlog](https://trello.com/b/6P0P3TpV/cop-4331-sample)
- [Sprint Backlog](https://trello.com/b/6P0P3TpV/cop-4331-sample)
- [Requirements](https://trello.com/b/6P0P3TpV/cop-4331-sample)
- [Burndown Chart](https://www.google.com/search?tbm=isch&q=sprint+burndown+chart)
- [Velocity Chart](https://www.google.com/search?tbm=isch&q=agile+velocity+chart)
- [System Architecture](https://github.com/drhollander/COP4331_Sample/blob/master/artifacts/architecture.md)
- [Source Code](https://github.com/drhollander/COP4331_Sample/blob/master/project/readme.md)
- [Automated Tests](https://github.com/drhollander/COP4331_Sample/blob/master/project/readme.md)
- [Product Demonstration](https://www.youtube.com)

## Task Allocation

Member 1 - main tasking

Member 2 - main tasking


# Sprint 8

- [Product Backlog](https://trello.com/b/6P0P3TpV/cop-4331-sample)
- [Sprint Backlog](https://trello.com/b/6P0P3TpV/cop-4331-sample)
- [Requirements](https://trello.com/b/6P0P3TpV/cop-4331-sample)
- [Burndown Chart](https://www.google.com/search?tbm=isch&q=sprint+burndown+chart)
- [Velocity Chart](https://www.google.com/search?tbm=isch&q=agile+velocity+chart)
- [System Architecture](https://github.com/drhollander/COP4331_Sample/blob/master/artifacts/architecture.md)
- [Source Code](https://github.com/drhollander/COP4331_Sample/blob/master/project/readme.md)
- [Automated Tests](https://github.com/drhollander/COP4331_Sample/blob/master/project/readme.md)
- [Product Demonstration](https://www.youtube.com)

## Task Allocation

Member 1 - main tasking

Member 2 - main tasking

Commit message:

Updated TOC to place importance on trello boards

README.md, after:

# COP4331 Sample

# Product Vision

Your vision statement should contain the following information and be formatted as one or more paragraphs. This statement must be included in your main README file and not linked externally. 

1. For ... (the product’s target market)
2. Who/That ... (describe what need your product solves)
3. The product ... (product name,or product category)
4. That leads to ... (main advantage, appealing reason for purchase)
5. Unlike the ... (principal competing alternatives)
6. Our product offers ... (describe main differentiation)

As a general note, it is much easier (and less risky) to use inline markdown text for any text documents you create. If you choose to use Google Docs or Google Sheets, you run the risk of providing an invalid link or linking to a file that is not properly shared. If myself or the grader cannot access your artifact, you will not receive credit for it - even if you fix the problem after it has been graded.

## Team Members

- Dr. Hollander


# Sprint 1

Each item should link to the actual product, be it a google spreadsheet, google doc, github markdown file, etc. Do not link to a markdown file that contains only a link to another location - link directly from the appropriate item below. Failure to adhere to this criteria wil result in the associated artifact not being graded. Add any additional items required for the specific sprint submission.

- [Trello Board](https://trello.com/b/6P0P3TpV/cop-4331-sample) (Backlogs and Requirements)
- [Burndown Chart](https://www.google.com/search?tbm=isch&q=sprint+burndown+chart)
- [Velocity Chart](https://www.google.com/search?tbm=isch&q=agile+velocity+chart)
- System Architecture
- Source Code
- Automated Tests
- Product Demonstration

## Task Allocation

Member 1 - main tasking

Member 2 - main tasking

In this section, each group member needs to provide a brief description of what they worked on during the sprint. Keep this short and to the point. Your trello board and commit history will provide the details. 

**note**: For this first sprint, I am anticipating that you will have selected one or two user stories for the Sprint Backlog, and most likely not have completed them since the majority if this week will consist of getting your product backlog, requirements, and development environment fleshed out and stood up. The only implementation I am expecting to see is that your development environment is properly configured to where it can at least run a basic "hello world" type application. 


# Sprint 2

- [Trello Board](https://trello.com/b/6P0P3TpV/cop-4331-sample) (Backlogs and Requirements)
- [Burndown Chart](https://www.google.com/search?tbm=isch&q=sprint+burndown+chart)
- [Velocity Chart](https://www.google.com/search?tbm=isch&q=agile+velocity+chart)
- [System Architecture](https://github.com/drhollander/COP4331_Sample/blob/master/artifacts/architecture.md)
- Source Code
- Automated Tests
- [Product Demonstration](https://www.youtube.com)

## Task Allocation

Member 1 - main tasking

Member 2 - main tasking

**note**: For this sprint, I am anticipating that you will continue to work on the stories carried over from Sprint 1, with a focus on the design aspect of your system. I am expecting your architecture document and diagrams to reflect the system only in the context of these user stories, with some generalization to help plan for the other items currently in the backlog. I am not expecting a significant amount of implementation at this point, if any at all.


# Sprint 3

- [Trello Board](https://trello.com/b/6P0P3TpV/cop-4331-sample) (Backlogs and Requirements)
- [Burndown Chart](https://www.google.com/search?tbm=isch&q=sprint+burndown+chart)
- [Velocity Chart](https://www.google.com/search?tbm=isch&q=agile+velocity+chart)
- [System Architecture](https://github.com/drhollander/COP4331_Sample/blob/master/artifacts/architecture.md)
- [Source Code](https://github.com/drhollander/COP4331_Sample/blob/master/project/readme.md)
- [Automated Tests](https://github.com/drhollander/COP4331_Sample/blob/master/project/readme.md)
- [Product Demonstration](https://www.youtube.com)

## Task Allocation

Member 1 - main tasking

Member 2 - main tasking

**note**: At this point I am expecting that you have designed out a few of the initial user stories and started to implement this. From this point forward there should be continuous integration and deployment, producing working software that is demoed at the end of each sprint.


# Sprint 4

- [Trello Board](https://trello.com/b/6P0P3TpV/cop-4331-sample) (Backlogs and Requirements)
- [Burndown Chart](https://www.google.com/search?tbm=isch&q=sprint+burndown+chart)
- [Velocity Chart](https://www.google.com/search?tbm=isch&q=agile+velocity+chart)
- [System Architecture](https://github.com/drhollander/COP4331_Sample/blob/master/artifacts/architecture.md)
- [Source Code](https://github.com/drhollander/COP4331_Sample/blob/master/project/readme.md)
- [Automated Tests](https://github.com/drhollander/COP4331_Sample/blob/master/project/readme.md)
- [Product Demonstration](https://www.youtube.com)

## Task Allocation

Member 1 - main tasking

Member 2 - main tasking

**note**: Sprint 4 and onward will contain updates to your artifacts as appropriate for the current sprint, as well as continuous improvements to your software and updated product demos.


# Sprint 5

- [Trello Board](https://trello.com/b/6P0P3TpV/cop-4331-sample) (Backlogs and Requirements)
- [Burndown Chart](https://www.google.com/search?tbm=isch&q=sprint+burndown+chart)
- [Velocity Chart](https://www.google.com/search?tbm=isch&q=agile+velocity+chart)
- [System Architecture](https://github.com/drhollander/COP4331_Sample/blob/master/artifacts/architecture.md)
- [Source Code](https://github.com/drhollander/COP4331_Sample/blob/master/project/readme.md)
- [Automated Tests](https://github.com/drhollander/COP4331_Sample/blob/master/project/readme.md)
- [Product Demonstration](https://www.youtube.com)

## Task Allocation

Member 1 - main tasking

Member 2 - main tasking


# Sprint 6

- [Trello Board](https://trello.com/b/6P0P3TpV/cop-4331-sample) (Backlogs and Requirements)
- [Burndown Chart](https://www.google.com/search?tbm=isch&q=sprint+burndown+chart)
- [Velocity Chart](https://www.google.com/search?tbm=isch&q=agile+velocity+chart)
- [System Architecture](https://github.com/drhollander/COP4331_Sample/blob/master/artifacts/architecture.md)
- [Source Code](https://github.com/drhollander/COP4331_Sample/blob/master/project/readme.md)
- [Automated Tests](https://github.com/drhollander/COP4331_Sample/blob/master/project/readme.md)
- [Product Demonstration](https://www.youtube.com)

## Task Allocation

Member 1 - main tasking

Member 2 - main tasking


# Sprint 7

- [Trello Board](https://trello.com/b/6P0P3TpV/cop-4331-sample) (Backlogs and Requirements)
- [Burndown Chart](https://www.google.com/search?tbm=isch&q=sprint+burndown+chart)
- [Velocity Chart](https://www.google.com/search?tbm=isch&q=agile+velocity+chart)
- [System Architecture](https://github.com/drhollander/COP4331_Sample/blob/master/artifacts/architecture.md)
- [Source Code](https://github.com/drhollander/COP4331_Sample/blob/master/project/readme.md)
- [Automated Tests](https://github.com/drhollander/COP4331_Sample/blob/master/project/readme.md)
- [Product Demonstration](https://www.youtube.com)

## Task Allocation

Member 1 - main tasking

Member 2 - main tasking


# Sprint 8

- [Trello Board](https://trello.com/b/6P0P3TpV/cop-4331-sample) (Backlogs and Requirements)
- [Burndown Chart](https://www.google.com/search?tbm=isch&q=sprint+burndown+chart)
- [Velocity Chart](https://www.google.com/search?tbm=isch&q=agile+velocity+chart)
- [System Architecture](https://github.com/drhollander/COP4331_Sample/blob/master/artifacts/architecture.md)
- [Source Code](https://github.com/drhollander/COP4331_Sample/blob/master/project/readme.md)
- [Automated Tests](https://github.com/drhollander/COP4331_Sample/blob/master/project/readme.md)
- [Product Demonstration](https://www.youtube.com)

## Task Allocation

Member 1 - main tasking

Member 2 - main tasking
